<div class="text-center"><strong>Bond dApp Terms and Conditions of Use</strong></div>
These Terms and Conditions define the agreement required by a user to engage in use of this software. You must agree to these terms in order to use this software and/or its associated components.

1. Definitions
  1a. "Software": The term software refers to this program, any associated materials and data, source code, smart contracts, and other components.
  2b. "Licensor": This term reffers to the Expanse project, its management, developers, and contributors.
  3c. "Licensee" and "User": This term reffers to any person, proxy, software, or other intimediary making use of all or any part of this Software.

2. Demonstration Software
This software and the related components are a proof of concept demonstration. While the functionality emulates a traditional instrument, it is a closed circuit self funded system utilizing expanse tokens with an ensured result. It's purpose and function is to demonstrate the concept of how such an intrustment can be run on the expanse network, not as an investment. As a reward for participating in this demonstration, users will be allowed to keep the exp earned as interest during the For particpating in this demonstration and contributing to is testing as a particpant, users will be rewarded 

3. Term
The Agreement is effective from the date/time that the software and/or its related components are used, and/or once the user agrees to these terms.

4. No Warrant and Disclaimer 
We do not warrant that the software or your ability to use it will be uninterrupted or error-free. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim any implied warranty for any particular purpose.

5. Limitation of Liability Clause
Subject to the maximum extent permitted by law, licensor, it's related contributors, developers, management, and associates will not be liable to licensee or any other Party for any indirect, special, punitive, consequential, exemplary orIncidental damages or losses. 

6. Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes, supplants, and renders null and void any and all prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, proposals, agreements, understandings, representations or communications, oral or written, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. There are no representations, agreements, arrangements or understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter of the Agreement which are not fully expressed herein.

7. General Provisions
If any part of this agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms will stay in effect. This agreement does not prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer.
